Key text 2_7 
1.  Name of the Corporation.
Enter the name as it appears in your Articles of Incorporation.
2.  Address where the annual shareholder meeting was held.
Enter the address in the format street, city, state, zipcode.
3.  Title of the corporate officer calling meeting to order.
Any corporate officer can call the meeting to order.
4.  Name of a shareholder either present at the meeting or represented by proxy.
Enter the first, middle and last name. A shareholder represented by proxy is one who gives someone else permission to vote his or her shares.
5.  Number of shares owned by the shareholder.

6.  If the shares were voted by the shareholder "in person" (rather than by proxy) enter "in person" here.

7.  If the shares were voted by the shareholder "by proxy" (rather than in person) enter "by proxy" here.

8.  Name of a shareholder either present at the meeting or represented by proxy.
Enter the first, middle and last name. A shareholder represented by proxy is one who gives someone else permission to vote his or her shares.
9.  Number of shares owned by the shareholder.

10.  If the shares were voted by the shareholder "in person" (rather than by proxy) enter "in person" here.

11.  If the shares were voted by the shareholder "by proxy" (rather than in person) enter "by proxy" here.

12.  Name of a shareholder either present at the meeting or represented by proxy.
Enter the first, middle and last name. A shareholder represented by proxy is one who gives someone else permission to vote his or her shares.
13.  Number of shares owned by the shareholder.

14.  If the shares were voted by the shareholder "in person" (rather than by proxy) enter "in person" here.

15.  If the shares were voted by the shareholder "by proxy" (rather than in person) enter "by proxy" here.

16.  Name of a shareholder either present at the meeting or represented by proxy.
Enter the first, middle and last name. A shareholder represented by proxy is one who gives someone else permission to vote his or her shares.
17.  Number of shares owned by the shareholder.

18.  If the shares were voted by the shareholder "in person" (rather than by proxy) enter "in person" here.

19.  If the shares were voted by the shareholder "by proxy" (rather than in person) enter "by proxy" here.

20.  Name of a shareholder either present at the meeting or represented by proxy.
Enter the first, middle and last name. A shareholder represented by proxy is one who gives someone else permission to vote his or her shares.
21.  Number of shares owned by the shareholder.

22.  If the shares were voted by the shareholder "in person" (rather than by proxy) enter "in person" here.

23.  If the shares were voted by the shareholder "by proxy" (rather than in person) enter "by proxy" here.

24.  Name of a shareholder either present at the meeting or represented by proxy.
Enter the first, middle and last name. A shareholder represented by proxy is one who gives someone else permission to vote his or her shares.
25.  Number of shares owned by the shareholder.

26.  If the shares were voted by the shareholder "in person" (rather than by proxy) enter "in person" here.

27.  If the shares were voted by the shareholder "by proxy" (rather than in person) enter "by proxy" here.

28.  Name of a shareholder either present at the meeting or represented by proxy.
Enter the first, middle and last name. A shareholder represented by proxy is one who gives someone else permission to vote his or her shares.
29.  Number of shares owned by the shareholder.

30.  If the shares were voted by the shareholder "in person" (rather than by proxy) enter "in person" here.

31.  If the shares were voted by the shareholder "by proxy" (rather than in person) enter "by proxy" here.

32.  List any changes in stockholders that were made since the last report. 

33.  List directors nominated and elected to serve until next annual meeting.
List elected directors, each name separated by commas.
34.  Enter the name of the Secretary in attendance at the meeting.
Have the Secretary sign the form where indicated. 