Key text file 2_12
1.  The name of the Lessor.
Enter the full name of the person or entity who owns the property.
2.  The name of the first Lessee.
Enter the full name of the first person who is leasing the property. 
3.   The name of the second Lessee.
Enter the full name of the second person who is leasing the property. Upon completion, this form may be edited to include additional lessees if desired.
4.  The street address of the property.
Enter the street address of the property.
5.  The city where the property is located.

6.  The county where the property is located.

7.  The state where the property is located.

8.  The written dollar amount of the monthly lease payment.
Enter the written dollar amount (e.g., "twelve hundred") that the lessee will pay each month.
9.  The numerical dollar amount of the monthly lease payment.
Enter the numerical dollar amount (e.g., "1200") that the lessee will pay each month. Omit the $ sign.
10.  The month and year the lease will become effective.
For example, "September 2005"
11.  The location where the rent is to be paid each month.
Enter the complete address where the lessee is to mail or deliver the monthly rent payment.
12.  The written dollar amount of the deposit due by lessee upon signing of the lease agreement. 
Enter the written dollar amount of the deposit (e.g., "One thousand dollars").
13.  The numerical dollar amount of the deposit due upon signing of the lease agreement.
Enter the numerical dollar amount of the deposit (e.g., "1200"). Omit the $ sign.
14.  The day the lease agreement will terminate.

15.  The mailing address of the Lessor.
Enter the complete mailing address for the person who owns the property.
16.  The mailing address of the first Lessee.
Enter the complete mailing address for the first person who is leasing the property.
17.  The mailing address of the second Lessee.
Enter the complete mailing address for the second person who is leasing the property.
18.  Enter a detailed description of the property leased under this agreement.