3_15 Key text file
1.  The date of the letter.
Enter the date that you are sending the letter.
2.  The name of the stock broker or account manager to whom you are addressing the letter.
Enter the name of the stock broker or account manager who will take care of the transfer for you.
3.  The name of the company where the above broker or account manager is employed.

4.  The address of the current trustee of your Family Trust.
Enter the address of the current trustee of your Family Trust.
5.  The name of the current trustee(s) of your Family Trust.
Enter the name of the current trustee(s) of your Family Trust. This is probably both husband and wife.
6.  The name of your Family Trust.
Enter the name of your Family Trust as it appears in the trust documents.
7.  The Social Security number of the trustor(s), or Tax ID number of your Family Trust.
This is usually your social security number.  Most Family Trusts do not have a Tax ID number.
8.  The number of shares of stock you are transferring to your Family Trust.

9.  The company whose stock you are transferring to your Family Trust.
Enter the name of the company or entity who issued the stock (e.g., Microsoft, IBM).
10.  The certificate numbers of the stock certificates being transferred.

11.  The number of bonds you are transferring to your Family Trust.

12.  The name of the issuer of the bonds you are transferring.
Enter the name of the company or entity who issued the bonds (e.g., Microsoft, U.S. Treasury)
13.  The total dollar amount of the bonds you are transferring.

14.  The bond numbers of the bonds you are transferring to your Family Trust.
These are found on the actual bond document.
15.  The name of the person to whom you are granting power of attorney to transfer the stocks or bonds.

16.  The husband's name, if he is an owner of the stocks or bonds being transferred to the Family Trust.

17.  The wife's name, if she is an owner of the stocks or bonds being transferred to the Family Trust.